GCP how-to-guide Secrets Manager (#129)
devzero-inc/product-docs: how-to-guides/cloud-services/gcp/connecting-to-secret-manager.md

# GCP Secret Manager

You are connecting to a GCP Secret Manager from your DevBox.

## Architecture Diagram

![GCP Key Vault Architecture](../../../.gitbook/assets/gcp-secret-manager-architecture.png)

> Here, you will connect to a GCP Secret Manager from your DevBox. This can be done using any programming language API, but for this demo, we will use Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you will connect to a GCP Secret Manager from your DevBox. This can be done using any programming language API, but for the scope of this document, we will use Python.
```
